Original paper

2,"In this paper, we propose a level-set based topology optimization method for designing a reactor, which is used as a part of the DC-DC converter in electric and hybrid vehicles. Since it realizes a high-power driving motor and its performance relies on its component, i.e., reactor core, it is valuable to establish a reasonable design method for the reactor core. Boundary tracking type level-set topology optimization is suitable for this purpose, because the shape and topology of the target structure is clearly represented by the zero boundary of the level-set function, and the state variables are accurately computed using the zero boundary tracking mesh. We formulate the design problem on the basis of electromagnetics, and derive the design sensitivities. The derived sensitivities are linked with boundary tracking type level-set topology optimization, and as a result, a useful structural optimization method for the reactor core design problem is developed."


Similar papers

65,"This paper presents a B-spline based approach for topology optimization of three-dimensional (3D) problems where the density representation is based on B-splines. Compared with the usual density filter in topology optimization, the new B-spline based density representation approach is advantageous in both memory usage and CPU time. This is achieved through the use of tensor-product form of B-splines. As such, the storage of the filtered density variables is linear with respect to the effective filter size instead of the cubic order as in the usual density filter. Numerical examples of 3D topology optimization of minimal compliance and heat conduction problems are demonstrated. We further reveal that our B-spline based density representation resolves the bottleneck challenge in multiple density per element optimization scheme where the storage of filtering weights had been prohibitively expensive."

1438
Discrete parameterization using full or partial ground structures of truss/frame elements is not appropriate for domain representation as they do not map all points in the continuum and can lead to dangling or overlapping elements in the optimal topology. Existing continuum parameterization using units cells with holes, ranked microstructures or penalized Young’s modulus (SIMP model) mainly have problems like the appearance of checkerboard patterns and stiffness singularity regions. This is probably due to point-contact between diagonally placed cells and such regions can be avoided by using higher order elements, perimeter constraints or filtering schemes which result in additional computational load on the optimization procedures. An edge connectivity throughout is ensured when using a 

67,"We look to expand the reach of continuum topology optimization to include the design of ‘structures’ that gain functionality or are specifically manufactured from discrete, non-overlapping objects. While significant advancements have been made in restricting the geometric properties of topology-optimized structures, including restricting the minimum and maximum length scale of features, continuum topology optimization is still largely limited to monolithic structures. A wide variety of structures and materials, however, gain their stiffness or functionality from discrete objects, such as fiber-reinforced composites. This work examines a recently developed method for optimizing the distribution of discrete objects (2d inclusions) across a design domain and extends the approach to variable shape and variable sized objects that must be selected from a designer-defined set. This essentially enables simultaneous optimization of object sizes, shapes, and/or locations within the projection framework, without need for additional constraints. As in traditional topology optimization, gradient-based optimizers are used with sensitivity information estimated via the adjoint method, solved using finite element analysis. The algorithm is demonstrated on benchmark problems in structural design for the case where the objects are stiff inclusions embedded in a compliant matrix material."


Not Similar Papers

1092,"Road Safety System development is complex task, which requires the collaboration between designers and accidentologists. However, designers and accidentologists do not share the same viewpoints, neither the same models to analyze an accident, nor the same technical language. This makes their communication a complex task in a design process. "

"In this paper, convex modeling based topology optimization with load uncertainty is presented. The load uncertainty is described using the non-probabilistic based unknown-but-bounded convex model, and the strain energy based topology optimization problem under uncertain loads is formulated. Unlike the conventional deterministic topology optimization problem, the maximum possible strain energy under uncertain loads is selected as the new objective in order to achieve a safe solution. Instead of obtaining approximated solutions as used before, an exact solution procedure is presented. The problem is first formulated as a single level optimization problem, and then rewritten as a two-level optimization problem. The upper level optimization problem is solved as a deterministic topology optimization with the load which generated from the worst structure response in the lower level problem. The lower level optimization problem is to identify this worst structure response, and it is found equivalent to an inhomogeneous eigenvalue problem. Three different cases are discussed for accurately evaluating the global optima of the lower level optimization problem, while the corresponding sensitivities are derived individually. With the function value and sensitivity information ready, the upper level optimization problem can be solved through existing gradient based optimization algorithms. The effectiveness of the proposed convex modeling based topology optimization is demonstrated through different numerical examples."

815,"The development process is a key aspect of ultimate product success. The front-end of the development activity is the foundation for building new products by first gathering customers’ needs, identifying the company’s goals, and assessing the competitive landscape. By doing so, this crucial activity directly impacts eventual development cost, which includes engineering resources, manufacturing, etc. In this paper, we study a specific design approach, namely, product family design, which allows companies to increase revenue by developing an entire family of products targeting different market segments while reducing lead-time and manufacturing costs. However, there is a significant amount of risk given the costs of developing complex shared architectures, and there are many examples from industry where product families have failed. Thus, the development stage is critical, and a well-structured development strategy can bring success while a poor one can cause significant problems during product launch, as recent case studies illustrate. In this platform-based study, we assess two drivers of this product family design: (1) a platform-driven strategy and (2) a product-driven strategy. Three facets are examined: the product, the company, and the competition. The goal is to recommend a planning framework to aid companies in selecting the right process considering their product, strategy, and environment."

206,"To achieve “green profit” in their business, manufacturers who produce both new and remanufactured products must optimize their pricing and production decisions simultaneously. They must determine the buy-back price and take-back quantity of end-of-life products as well as the selling prices and production quantities of new and remanufactured products. With an aim to assist in optimal pricing and production planning, this paper presents a mixed-integer programming model that optimizes the three prices (of buyback, new and remanufactured products) and the corresponding production plan simultaneously. The model considers the two conflicting objectives of maximizing economic profitability and maximizing environmental impact saving. The model helps address potential barriers to remanufacturing, which include limited economic, and/or environmental sustainability of remanufacturing, imbalance between the supply of end-of-life products and the market demand for remanufactured products, and cannibalization of the sales of new products. The developed model is illustrated with an example of engine water pump."

317 take note it is empty dataset